README.md, before:

# Forge

Forge is a simple, secure way to create fixed‑supply ERC‑20 tokens and run airdrops on Zilliqa EVM (Mainnet 32769, Testnet 33101). Frontend is Next.js 15 with Tailwind v4 + shadcn/ui and RainbowKit/wagmi.

## Frontend

- Stack: Next.js (App Router), Tailwind v4, shadcn/ui, RainbowKit + wagmi + viem
- Routes:
  - `/` landing with CTAs
  - `/create-token` token factory flow (reads fee and sends it if set)
  - `/airdrop` airdrop tool (reads fee and sends it if set)
  - `/tokenlist` placeholder for token list
- Commands:
  - Dev: `bun run dev` then open `http://localhost:3000`
  - Build: `bun run build` | Start: `bun run start`
  - Lint/format (Biome): `bun run lint` | `bun run format`
- Wallet: RainbowKit connect with custom button; chain switching for 32769/33101
- Styling: Tailwind v4 via `src/app/globals.css`; shadcn components under `src/components/`

### Environment (frontend)

- Set per‑chain addresses (exposed to the client):
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_FACTORY_ADDRESS_32769` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_FACTORY_ADDRESS_33101`
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS_32769` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS_33101`
- Fair launch env vars:
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_32769` / `NEXT_PUBLIC_FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_33101`
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_USDC_32769` / `NEXT_PUBLIC_USDC_33101`
  - Router helpers (optional, but useful for UI validation/logging):
    - `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_FACTORY_V2_<chainId>`, `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_ROUTER_V2_<chainId>`
    - `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_FACTORY_<chainId>`, `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_POOL_DEPLOYER_<chainId>`,
      `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_MIGRATOR_<chainId>`, `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_NFPM_<chainId>`
- Restart the dev server after changing env.

## Cloudflare Workers (Setup)

This repo is prepared to deploy on Cloudflare Workers using OpenNext.

Steps:

- Build Next.js: `bun run build`
- Build Workers bundle: `bun run cf:build` (outputs `.open-next`)
- Local preview: `bun run preview`
- Deploy: `bun run deploy`

Notes:

- `wrangler.toml` points `main` to `.open-next/worker/index.mjs`. If OpenNext outputs a different file, update that path.
- Add secrets via `bunx wrangler secret put MY_SECRET`.
- Prefer Edge-friendly code paths where possible for best compatibility on Workers.

## Smart Contracts (Foundry)

Contracts live under `contracts/` and use Foundry/Forge.

- Install deps: `cd contracts && forge install openzeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts`
- Build: `forge build`
- Format: `forge fmt`
- Test: `forge test`
- Deploy (example):
  - Token Factory: `forge create src/ForgeTokenFactory.sol:ForgeTokenFactory --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK>`
  - Airdropper: `forge create src/ForgeAirdropper.sol:ForgeAirdropper --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK>`
  - Fair Launch Factory: `forge script script/DeployFairLaunchFactory.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`

Scripts (forge script)

- Deploy airdropper: `forge script script/DeployAirdropper.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Deploy factory: `forge script script/DeployFactory.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fee (env): `FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> FEE_WEI=<wei> forge script script/SetFee.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fee (sig): `forge script script/SetFee.s.sol --sig "run(address,uint256)" <factory> <feeWei> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (env): `FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> TREASURY_ADDRESS=<addr> forge script script/SetTreasury.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (sig): `forge script script/SetTreasury.s.sol --sig "run(address,address)" <factory> <treasury> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch fee (env): `FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> FAIRLAUNCH_FEE_WEI=<wei> forge script script/FairLaunchSetFee.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch fee (sig): `forge script script/FairLaunchSetFee.s.sol --sig "run(address,uint256)" <factory> <feeWei> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch treasury (env): `FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> FAIRLAUNCH_TREASURY=<addr> forge script script/FairLaunchSetTreasury.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch treasury (sig): `forge script script/FairLaunchSetTreasury.s.sol --sig "run(address,address)" <factory> <treasury> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`

Airdropper admin scripts

- Set fee (env): `AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS=<addr> FEE_WEI=<wei> forge script script/AirdropperSetFee.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fee (sig): `forge script script/AirdropperSetFee.s.sol --sig "run(address,uint256)" <airdropper> <feeWei> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (env): `AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS=<addr> TREASURY_ADDRESS=<addr> forge script script/AirdropperSetTreasury.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (sig): `forge script script/AirdropperSetTreasury.s.sol --sig "run(address,address)" <airdropper> <treasury> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`

Verification (Sourcify)

- Using Foundry integration with Sourcify:
  - Build first: `cd contracts && forge build`
  - One-liners:
    - Factory: `forge verify-contract --verifier sourcify --chain-id <ID> <FACTORY_ADDR> src/ForgeTokenFactory.sol:ForgeTokenFactory`
    - Airdropper: `forge verify-contract --verifier sourcify --chain-id <ID> <AIRDROPPER_ADDR> src/ForgeAirdropper.sol:ForgeAirdropper`
- Helper script:
  - `cd contracts`
  - `CHAIN_ID=<ID> FACTORY_ADDRESS=<0x...> ./scripts/verify-sourcify.sh`
  - `CHAIN_ID=<ID> AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS=<0x...> ./scripts/verify-sourcify.sh`
  - Optional: add `RPC_URL=<https rpc>` if needed for the target network.

Git ignore notes

- Ignored contract artifacts and deps: `contracts/cache/`, `contracts/out/`, `contracts/broadcast/`, `contracts/lib/`.
- After cloning or CI checkout, run `forge install` in `contracts/` to fetch deps before build/test.
- If you prefer vendored deps, pin and commit OZ: `forge install openzeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts@<tag>` and remove `contracts/lib/` from `.gitignore`.

Token creation

- Call `createToken(name, symbol, decimals, supply)` on `ForgeTokenFactory`.
- Full supply mints to the caller. If a fee is set on the factory, send `msg.value >= fee`.

Airdrop

- Approve the `ForgeAirdropper` for the total amount on your ERC‑20.
- If an airdrop fee is configured, send `msg.value >= fee`.
- Call `airdrop(token, recipients[], amounts[])` or `airdropEqual(token, recipients[], amountEach)`.

Fair launch

- Deploy `ForgeFairLaunchFactory` with:
  - `treasury` (initial fee recipient)
  - `usdc` token address for the chain
  - `FairLaunchRouterConfig` pointing to PlunderSwap V2/V3 + Wrapped ZIL contracts
- Configure it via the scripts above (`FairLaunchSetFee.s.sol`, `FairLaunchSetTreasury.s.sol`).
- When creating a launch, deposit the total tokens required (`tokensForSale + liquidityPercent%`) and pay the flat ZIL creation fee (if configured). Contributors can raise in ZIL or USDC, and auto-listing will push liquidity to PlunderSwap V2 or V3 based on the launch config.

## License

Forge is distributed under the Business Source License 1.1 (BSL). You can use, modify, and run the code for non-commercial purposes today, including internal experimentation or research. On 2029-11-10 (four years from the current release), the code automatically reverts to the MIT License, at which point it becomes fully open source for any use case. For commercial licensing before that date, please contact the maintainers.

Commit message:

Home: mix launch feed and cap to 45 launches

README.md, after:

# Forge

Forge is a simple, secure way to create fixed‑supply ERC‑20 tokens and run airdrops on Zilliqa EVM (Mainnet 32769, Testnet 33101). Frontend is Next.js 15 with Tailwind v4 + shadcn/ui and RainbowKit/wagmi.

## Frontend

- Stack: Next.js (App Router), Tailwind v4, shadcn/ui, RainbowKit + wagmi + viem
- Routes:
  - `/` landing with a mixed launch browser feed (Bonding Curve + Fair Launch) and CTAs
  - `/create-token` token factory flow (reads fee and sends it if set)
  - `/airdrop` airdrop tool (reads fee and sends it if set)
  - `/tokenlist` placeholder for token list
- Commands:
  - Dev: `bun run dev` then open `http://localhost:3000`
  - Build: `bun run build` | Start: `bun run start`
  - Lint/format (Biome): `bun run lint` | `bun run format`
- Wallet: RainbowKit connect with custom button; chain switching for 32769/33101
- Styling: Tailwind v4 via `src/app/globals.css`; shadcn components under `src/components/`

### Environment (frontend)

- Set per‑chain addresses (exposed to the client):
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_FACTORY_ADDRESS_32769` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_FACTORY_ADDRESS_33101`
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS_32769` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS_33101`
- Fair launch env vars:
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_32769` / `NEXT_PUBLIC_FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_33101`
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_USDC_32769` / `NEXT_PUBLIC_USDC_33101`
  - Router helpers (optional, but useful for UI validation/logging):
    - `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_FACTORY_V2_<chainId>`, `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_ROUTER_V2_<chainId>`
    - `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_FACTORY_<chainId>`, `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_POOL_DEPLOYER_<chainId>`,
      `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_MIGRATOR_<chainId>`, `NEXT_PUBLIC_PLUNDER_V3_NFPM_<chainId>`
- Restart the dev server after changing env.

## Cloudflare Workers (Setup)

This repo is prepared to deploy on Cloudflare Workers using OpenNext.

Steps:

- Build Next.js: `bun run build`
- Build Workers bundle: `bun run cf:build` (outputs `.open-next`)
- Local preview: `bun run preview`
- Deploy: `bun run deploy`

Notes:

- `wrangler.toml` points `main` to `.open-next/worker/index.mjs`. If OpenNext outputs a different file, update that path.
- Add secrets via `bunx wrangler secret put MY_SECRET`.
- Prefer Edge-friendly code paths where possible for best compatibility on Workers.

## Smart Contracts (Foundry)

Contracts live under `contracts/` and use Foundry/Forge.

- Install deps: `cd contracts && forge install openzeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts`
- Build: `forge build`
- Format: `forge fmt`
- Test: `forge test`
- Deploy (example):
  - Token Factory: `forge create src/ForgeTokenFactory.sol:ForgeTokenFactory --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK>`
  - Airdropper: `forge create src/ForgeAirdropper.sol:ForgeAirdropper --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK>`
  - Fair Launch Factory: `forge script script/DeployFairLaunchFactory.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`

Scripts (forge script)

- Deploy airdropper: `forge script script/DeployAirdropper.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Deploy factory: `forge script script/DeployFactory.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fee (env): `FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> FEE_WEI=<wei> forge script script/SetFee.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fee (sig): `forge script script/SetFee.s.sol --sig "run(address,uint256)" <factory> <feeWei> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (env): `FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> TREASURY_ADDRESS=<addr> forge script script/SetTreasury.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (sig): `forge script script/SetTreasury.s.sol --sig "run(address,address)" <factory> <treasury> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch fee (env): `FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> FAIRLAUNCH_FEE_WEI=<wei> forge script script/FairLaunchSetFee.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch fee (sig): `forge script script/FairLaunchSetFee.s.sol --sig "run(address,uint256)" <factory> <feeWei> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch treasury (env): `FAIRLAUNCH_FACTORY_ADDRESS=<addr> FAIRLAUNCH_TREASURY=<addr> forge script script/FairLaunchSetTreasury.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fair launch treasury (sig): `forge script script/FairLaunchSetTreasury.s.sol --sig "run(address,address)" <factory> <treasury> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`

Airdropper admin scripts

- Set fee (env): `AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS=<addr> FEE_WEI=<wei> forge script script/AirdropperSetFee.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set fee (sig): `forge script script/AirdropperSetFee.s.sol --sig "run(address,uint256)" <airdropper> <feeWei> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (env): `AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS=<addr> TREASURY_ADDRESS=<addr> forge script script/AirdropperSetTreasury.s.sol --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`
- Set treasury (sig): `forge script script/AirdropperSetTreasury.s.sol --sig "run(address,address)" <airdropper> <treasury> --rpc-url <RPC> --private-key <PK> --broadcast`

Verification (Sourcify)

- Using Foundry integration with Sourcify:
  - Build first: `cd contracts && forge build`
  - One-liners:
    - Factory: `forge verify-contract --verifier sourcify --chain-id <ID> <FACTORY_ADDR> src/ForgeTokenFactory.sol:ForgeTokenFactory`
    - Airdropper: `forge verify-contract --verifier sourcify --chain-id <ID> <AIRDROPPER_ADDR> src/ForgeAirdropper.sol:ForgeAirdropper`
- Helper script:
  - `cd contracts`
  - `CHAIN_ID=<ID> FACTORY_ADDRESS=<0x...> ./scripts/verify-sourcify.sh`
  - `CHAIN_ID=<ID> AIRDROPPER_ADDRESS=<0x...> ./scripts/verify-sourcify.sh`
  - Optional: add `RPC_URL=<https rpc>` if needed for the target network.

Git ignore notes

- Ignored contract artifacts and deps: `contracts/cache/`, `contracts/out/`, `contracts/broadcast/`, `contracts/lib/`.
- After cloning or CI checkout, run `forge install` in `contracts/` to fetch deps before build/test.
- If you prefer vendored deps, pin and commit OZ: `forge install openzeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts@<tag>` and remove `contracts/lib/` from `.gitignore`.

Token creation

- Call `createToken(name, symbol, decimals, supply)` on `ForgeTokenFactory`.
- Full supply mints to the caller. If a fee is set on the factory, send `msg.value >= fee`.

Airdrop

- Approve the `ForgeAirdropper` for the total amount on your ERC‑20.
- If an airdrop fee is configured, send `msg.value >= fee`.
- Call `airdrop(token, recipients[], amounts[])` or `airdropEqual(token, recipients[], amountEach)`.

Fair launch

- Deploy `ForgeFairLaunchFactory` with:
  - `treasury` (initial fee recipient)
  - `usdc` token address for the chain
  - `FairLaunchRouterConfig` pointing to PlunderSwap V2/V3 + Wrapped ZIL contracts
- Configure it via the scripts above (`FairLaunchSetFee.s.sol`, `FairLaunchSetTreasury.s.sol`).
- When creating a launch, deposit the total tokens required (`tokensForSale + liquidityPercent%`) and pay the flat ZIL creation fee (if configured). Contributors can raise in ZIL or USDC, and auto-listing will push liquidity to PlunderSwap V2 or V3 based on the launch config.

## License

Forge is distributed under the Business Source License 1.1 (BSL). You can use, modify, and run the code for non-commercial purposes today, including internal experimentation or research. On 2029-11-10 (four years from the current release), the code automatically reverts to the MIT License, at which point it becomes fully open source for any use case. For commercial licensing before that date, please contact the maintainers.
